Hi, hi there.
Welcome to this lesson.
For today, we're going to listen to two
audios, two conversations, and you're
going to answer two questions.
For conversation number one, you're going
to say, and cry in the chat box, where
does Felipe live?
¿Ok?
Para la conversación número uno, ustedes
la escuchan y van a decir en los
comentarios dónde vive Felipe.
Where does Felipe live?
And for number two, it's going to be Marcos.
Where does Marcos live?
Y lo mismo hacen para la número dos, pero
en esta vez con Marcos.
In which city do you live, Martha?
I live in Manabai.
And what about you?
Where do you live, Felipe?
Around here close by.
In which city do you live, Martha?
I live in Manabai.
And what about you?
Where do you live, Felipe?
Around here close by.
Hi, Sandra.
Where do you live?
I live in Quito and you, Marcos.
I live in San Andres.
How is it there?
San Andres is a lively city.
Hi, Sandra.
Where do you live?
I live in Quito and you, Marcos.
I live in San Andres.
How is it there?
San Andres is a lively city.
Now we're going to watch a video.
And tell me, do you think that San Andres
is a lively city?
Tell us in the comments to the left.
For it is a victory.
Todo paso que des hacia adelante en este
programa de inglés y en este aprendizaje,
proceso de aprendizaje que estás
teniendo, es una victoria.
Felicitaciones por llegar hasta acá.
Congratulations and bye -bye.
Good luck.